[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: What did you do?
Was there some
individual that was sick,
and you touch them, and
all of a sudden they're OK?
>>CANDACE SILVERS: Yes.
They had cut out the
piece in his heart
and replaced it
with a pacemaker.
And after four or five sessions
with him, all of his bloodwork
came back normal.
All the lesions were gone.
>>NOORY: Were they in shock?
>>SILVERS: When I
touch you, if you
have any kind of a block or a
disease, you'll feel a shock.
I can either teach this
all to you intellectually,
and you can understand
every bit of it.
And at the end of six weeks,
you will not be able to heal.
Or you can allow
me a few moments
of confusion and nonsense while
I take you beyond your senses.
>>NOORY: Are you the first
call or the last call?
>>SILVERS: For some
people, I'm the first call.
For most, I'm the last call.
>>NOORY: Well, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
Candace Silvers is
with us, a healer
who has studied with
teachers and healers
from all over the planet.
She's the founder of the
Silvers Healing Academy.
Candace is based in
Austin, Texas, right?
>>SILVERS: I am now, yes.
>>NOORY: Have you seen the
bats under the bridge yet?
>>SILVERS: I haven't, but I've
heard great really fun things
about it.
>>NOORY: It is amazing.
I had an event in Austin
several years ago.
And we toured that
bats under the bridge.
And it's almost like
a vampire movie.
They're everywhere.
Everywhere.
But it's good to
have you with us.
>>SILVERS: It's fun to be here.
Thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: How did
you get involved
in this kind of
mystical healing?
>>SILVERS: I can't say
I got involved with it.
I'd have to more say it
got involved with me.
>>NOORY: It found you.
>>SILVERS: I was born with
the ability to heal people.
And it scared me until I
got a sense of what it was.
Because I would touch
people, and they
would tell me that they felt
better or certain ailments
went away.
And only until the coincidences
became familiar enough
to understand, I did have
something to do with it,
was I willing to look.
And then I began to travel
all over the world studying
with different masters and
healers in Marrakesh and Kenya
and Thailand and Indonesia and
India and Tulum, everywhere.
And meeting with
Maasai warriors,
and starting to see the
similarities in this kind
of tap beyond the veil
multi-dimensional capacity
that--
what I started to notice is
our cultural world, first world
kind of theories and themes.
Pushed it out.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>SILVERS: Wouldn't look at it.
Weren't interested
in the opportunity.
So I began to become
really interested
in sharing it with people.
>>NOORY: Now, how did it
first happen for you, though?
When this ability came
to you, what did you do?
Was there some
individual that was sick,
and you touch them, and
all of a sudden they're OK?
>>SILVERS: Yes.
But as I said, it was
frightening for me.
Because I thought they were
playing with me or kidding or--
well, I didn't do that.
I didn't do anything.
>>NOORY: And what possessed you
to even try something on them?
>>SILVERS: I was born
with this deep desire
to see what else there was.
And I've spent my life--
I've been a human behavioral
specialist for the last 31
years.
I do retreats all
over the world.
I now have my academy,
where we train--
I'm in 19 countries now and 34--
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>SILVERS: --states in
America, and I think
five providences in Canada.
We've trained doctors
all over the world.
And the interest, the intrigue
is how people won't look.
And they're not interested until
they have a direct experience.
And the minute that they
physiologically feel it
and are inspired by,
wait, what was that?
Now, I have their attention.
So yeah, I meet a lot of people
because they have cancer,
or because they have arthritis,
or because their back is out,
or they're having
their knee replaced.
But they then bring their
family members and friends.
And then they come
to find out more.
My interest in the
academy is more--
the first level of
my academy is just
to get people to become
multidimensional.
Because our world is very right,
wrong, here, there, up, down.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>SILVERS: It really
doesn't have an adjustment
for beyond what I know.
That kind of statement inspires
people but then scares them
as they move toward it.
My job is to get
them to see what's
possible beyond what they know.
I say, if you touch a wall
and it starts to move,
keep pushing.
>>NOORY: Keep pushing till
you see where it goes.
Well, when the person
who is being healed
is having this
application done to them,
must they be a believer?
Must they understand it?
>>SILVERS: No.
Not at all.
I also do remote healings.
I'm hired to do remote
healings all over the world.
Someone can push it out.
>>NOORY: I mean, what if
you were going to heal me,
and I said, ah Candace,
it's not going to work.
>>SILVERS: Well, that's
the fun is you can feel it.
>>NOORY: Is it going to work?
>>SILVERS: I have developed
many different technologies
over the years.
And one of the greatest facets
for me is the ability to--
when I work on you, you feel
heat or tingling or pressure,
you can feel cold air.
You feel things
moving around in you.
So you and I are having a
direct experience together.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SILVERS: My hands feel
what your body is feeling.
And I can say, I'm
working in your belly,
or I'm going in your head.
And I'm going to go down into
your heart or your lungs.
And when I'm doing that,
you're experiencing it with me.
So it's not hocus-pocus
or intellectual.
It's an actual direct
experience that's being had.
>>NOORY: Do you deal
with chakras at all?
>>SILVERS: I do.
I do chakra balancing.
>>NOORY: How many chakras
do we have in our bodies?
>>SILVERS: Oh, there are
multitudes of different levels
and layers of chakras if you're
going into the causal body.
But the seven main chakras
that hold us together,
I can balance all of them.
And then you sleep
better and eat better
and feel better and think less.
>>NOORY: Well, speaking
of balancing chakras,
in Gaia's television
series "Microdose,"
they talk about balance,
very good perspective.
>> It is said by experts that
out of balance chakras can
manifest as physical illnesses
or emotional imbalances when we
are not in alignment with
our life experiences.
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO: The
chakras are not able to roll.
And that stuck the chakras,
and it becomes an illness.
Sick.
So every process that we
think is something bad that
is happening to us is not
because someone is sending that
to us.
It's because we are stuck in
the process of not understanding
why we choose this experience.
>> So how do you balance a
chakra once its energy has
gotten blocked,
stagnant, or too open?
Well, there are many ways
to correct these imbalances,
including meditating on
the out-of-balance chakra,
eating foods that are of
the same color or vibration,
using tuning forks or
other instruments that hold
the same frequency
of the chakra.
Working on stuck emotions
in the area of the chakra.
Doing certain yoga,
Tai Chi, or qigong
practices that stimulate
the energy of the chakra.
Using herbs or essential oils.
Getting a reflexology,
acupuncture,
or Reiki session, and more.
There are also
numerous studies that
show the efficacy of
energy-healing practices
related to the chakras.
In one early 1980s
study, therapeutic touch
an energy healing technique,
where the practitioner places
their hands on or near the
patient to balance the chakras
was put to the test.
Dr. John Zimmerman used
a superconducting quantum
interference device at the
University of Colorado School
of Medicine in
Denver and discovered
that a huge pulsating
biomagnetic field emanated
from the hands of a
therapeutic touch practitioner.
The biomagnetic
pulsations from the hands
swept back and forth
through the full range
of therapeutic
frequencies, thus,
being able to stimulate healing
in any part of the body.
>>NOORY: What do you
tap into, Candace,
to develop this kind
of energy healing?
>>SILVERS: I'm going beyond our
intellectual conceptual mind,
where think of a
two-year-old baby.
They're completely involved in
everything we're involved in,
but they don't
know anything yet.
So they actually have
more access than we do.
The more we understand,
the less access we have.
Where it's a derivative of the
mind repeating and recognizing,
re-cognizing, not
cognizing, connecting to.
But seeing what it knows to see.
When you can go beyond what
you know, you can tap in.
And I have a six-week
course, for instance.
And in that six-week
course, I teach people
how to go beyond their minds,
how to tap into something.
Kundalini, create fire
and heat in the body.
Bring it through their hands
and be able to heal people.
So within six weeks, you can
put your hands on a camera
or in another human being
and be in another place
at the same time.
Because I'm in me.
I'm in you.
And I'm extrapolating.
So what are we tapped into?
Well, when the intellect needs
to know what we're tapped into,
it's still in the intellect.
When you're willing to lay down
the mind and pick up the heart
and have an activity occur that
your mind can't capitulate,
you've gone beyond your mind
because the direct experience
of the feeling and the emotion
and the heat and the connection
and the occurrence
with the person you're
working on communicating
that they're feeling it
and experiencing it, you know
you've gone beyond yourself.
Where have we gone?
I can't answer that.
>>NOORY: And do you ever feel
exhausted after an event?
>>SILVERS: It's
exactly the opposite.
It brings you energy.
My healers--
>>NOORY: It energizes.
>>SILVERS: --experience
so much more energy.
>>NOORY: See Edgar
Cayce used to have
the opposite effect on him.
It ended up killing him.
He did too many trances
and readings for people.
But for you, you get energized.
>>SILVERS: Absolutely.
In the beginning when my
healers are in training,
it takes a lot of practice
in your consciousness
to lay your mind down.
So doing a 15-minute
healing requires
a lot of concentration.
But after a while,
you get used to it.
And you're actually, while
you're working on someone else,
not in yourself.
So you actually get to go
free for that period of time.
You're not worried
about yourself.
You're not thinking
Your self isn't there.
You're connected to another,
creating healing, love, joy,
light in another.
You're actually
growing yourself.
>>NOORY: Remember the
movie "Green Mile"?
Did you see that?
>>SILVERS: I did.
>>NOORY: John Coffey who
was a healer in prison
would touch people
who were sick.
But right at the end of it,
whatever ailment they had,
these horrible wretched
flies would come flying out.
And he would suck
them into his body.
He would literally take
the cancer out of somebody.
And it would go within himself.
Does that happen to you?
>>SILVERS: No,
it's not organized
through my
consciousness that way.
I believe that if
you have a disease,
it's something neurological
going on pathologically
from a historical point of view
in you that got out of order.
When you ignored it because
you didn't understand it,
and there was no cultural
manifestation of a tool
to help you reorganize it,
it gets caught in the body.
And it doesn't get
caught in the body,
because you're a bad person.
It gets caught in the body,
because we live in life school.
And we're here on this planet
to learn about ourselves
through ourselves
with ourselves.
So when someone comes
to me with a disease,
whether it's cancer or a bad
back, it's my job to find it,
dislocated it so then it just
goes back into the ethers
from whence it came.
It doesn't attach
to something else
that's not interested in it.
>>NOORY: All right.
I want to see what you do.
And we've got a video of you
with one of your clients,
Lisa, dealing with what she had,
I think chronic breast cancer.
>>SILVERS: She
had breast cancer.
>>NOORY: She had surgery.
>>SILVERS: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: So let's
look at that session.
And with her authority,
of course, and yours,
let's take a look.
>>SILVERS: Absolutely.
Let's just check your movement.
>> Aw.
>>SILVERS: See there,
when they took a little--
>> Yeah.
>>SILVERS: There's an indent.
And it's just like an adhesion.
And like--
>> And when a doctor
touches that, oh, my gosh,
I just shoot off the table.
>>SILVERS: I might have already
healed it from this side.
But if there's another
piece, we'll get it now.
Yes?
>> Well, yeah.
[SCREAMS]
>> Oh.
[CLAPS]
>>SILVERS: Let me touch you
ever so gently just to see.
>> Mm-hmm.
It's OK.
It's OK?
That's OK.
That's all fine.
>>SILVERS: OK, go
ahead and check it now.
>> It's gone.
>>SILVERS: Touchdown.
[APPLAUSE]
Oh don't cry.
Oh.
How long has that
hole been there?
OK, don't talk.
You almost didn't come.
>> My first surgery.
And every year I go and they hit
it, I just shoot off the table.
>> Amen.
Sistah, brotha.
[LAUGHS]
>> Thank you.
>>SILVERS: Can you
imagine if this
were just normal in our world?
>>NOORY: That was an amazing
healing you just did on Lisa.
How long ago was that?
>>SILVERS: Last
June of '21, yes.
>>NOORY: And when she came
to you, how bad was she?
>>SILVERS: Well, I
believe she had been
cancer free for seven years.
But from the surgery, she
was left in terrible pain.
And it took me, as you
saw, about 20 seconds
to take that pain away.
>>NOORY: That was your
goal to eradicate the pain
that she was suffering.
>>SILVERS: Oh no, no.
It takes me about 15 minutes
to do a full-body healing.
So very often, they'll
have pain in their lower
back or their neck.
But it's caused by
another place in the body.
So very often when I'm
doing a full-body healing,
I'm working on about
80 different points.
And we'll find
blocks, let's say,
in the ankle that is causing
the back of the neck to hurt.
So when I got to her breast--
that's just one of the points--
that's where we found it.
I didn't know she had had cancer
surgery seven years earlier
until we found them.
>>NOORY: She looked
scared when you
were touching, because she's had
bad times with other doctors.
>>SILVERS: Well, also,
when I touch you,
if you have any kind of a block
or a disease or a dis-ease,
you'll feel a shock--
>>NOORY: You're
going to feel that.
>>SILVERS: --coming out of me.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>SILVERS: And so
it shocks the body.
Then I do the healing.
And then I touch it
again, and it's cleared.
So not only is the pain gone,
there's no shock anymore.
>>NOORY: Well, now, through
the great technology
of Gaia and Zoom, we're going
to Iowa to talk to Lisa.
>>SILVERS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Lisa, how are you?
And congratulations, we're so
glad things are better for you.
>> Thank you for having me.
It's truly an honor.
Proud to be here.
>>NOORY: On a 1 to 10, before
you saw Candace, with 10 being
the worst, how did you feel?
Before you saw her?
>> It was a pain.
I did not feel it like just
in the normal day-to-day
activities.
It was something that if
you hit it just right,
or you palpated it, like my cat
would do-- my cat would always
jump on me and knead on me,
it would send me into orbit.
>>NOORY: So would you say
your pain level was at 8?
[LAUGHS]
>> 9 approaching 10 if
it was hit correctly.
>>NOORY: And after the
healing with Candace,
that level dropped to what?
>> Well, it was gone.
It's gone.
>>NOORY: 0?
>> It was gone.
>>NOORY: No pain?
>> 0.
And then after the healing,
I just kept feeling it.
There was both the
scar from the incision
and then under my
arm, where they
took a sentinel node was another
area where it kind of would
go in.
And I always thought,
well, maybe they just--
it was an adhesion.
And when Candace
did the healing,
I remember feeling the most
subtle but beautiful warmth.
And Candace, I don't know
if you remember, I said
did you touch me?
And I opened my eyes.
And she's like, no,
I didn't touch you.
Because what I felt was a pop.
And the only way
I can describe it
is if you had like an
air bubble inside you.
And it was popped.
>>NOORY: Pop.
>> And that's what I felt. So
when she went to palpate it
again after the healing, and I
was so hesitant, I was in awe.
I just kept pushing.
And like you saw in
the video, it's gone.
And I still check
it all the time.
>>NOORY: And it seems like you
and Candace both got pretty
emotional after the fact.
What made you go to
her in the first place?
>> Well, I'm a student of hers.
I took the Silvers Healing
a couple of years ago.
So I was joining her and
several others on a retreat
out in Montana.
And part of that retreat
is she offers a healing
to everybody in attendance.
So it was my turn.
And as the student,
I knew all the places
she was going to hit.
And believe me, I was
already anticipating
when she came to the breast.
I thought, my scar is exactly
where she's going to push.
And she did.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: And now you
feel 100% better?
>> I do.
And it's funny, when
my cat still jumps up,
I still kind of cover myself.
Because I'm conditioned
to having it hurt.
And there's no pain anymore.
>>NOORY: And you
are cancer free?
>> I've been cancer free
for eight years now.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>> Yeah.
>>NOORY: That's got
to be a relief, huh?
>> It's a great relief.
>>NOORY: And I understand
your husband is a doctor?
>> He is.
>>NOORY: How does
he feel about this?
>> He's from Malaysia.
And we've had some really
good discussions about it.
And he says in Malaysia,
there's a lot of healers.
To know which ones
are authentic is hard.
But he says, does
it really matter?
Does it really matter what it
is if the person feels better?
>>NOORY: What advice
would you give
to people who might be on the
fence about energy healing,
the healing that Candace does?
What would you tell them?
>> Like, what do
you have to lose?
[LAUGHS] Give it a try.
What I found fascinating, and
when I do healings on people,
I love the magic of it.
And that's what
Candace says a lot.
She said, do you want
to watch some magic?
I think part of the awe
is seeing other people
watching them get a healing and
seeing their expressions when
the pain goes away.
It's pretty incredible.
>>NOORY: Do you think her
abilities are God-given?
>> Absolutely.
I think all of us who
are called to healing,
I think we all have
that ability in us.
The thing is we just
don't believe it.
>>SILVERS: Yet.
>>NOORY: Candace--
>> Yet.
>>NOORY: --what do you
have to say to Lisa?
>>SILVERS: I'm just so honored.
Isn't she lovely?
She's so beautiful.
That's what I was
talking about earlier.
You get involved
with your clients.
It's not just this
thing you do and leave.
You want to hear
a couple of days
later how they're still
doing, and six months later,
and a year later.
And it's really beautiful
to watch someone
for all those years in that kind
of pain not be in pain anymore.
>>NOORY: It's fantastic.
Lisa, you have set
up a not-for-profit.
Tell us about that.
>> I did.
Well, in 2012 I
started a non-profit
called My Happy Place.
And My Happy Place does bedroom
makeovers for sick kids.
And then I think after
my brush with cancer,
and I lost both my
parents to cancer,
that it was a catalyst to start
a sister organization called
My Happy Haven.
And My Happy Haven
does bedroom makeovers
for women with cancer.
>>NOORY: How do people
find the foundation?
How do they find it?
>> www.MyHappyPlaces.org.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>> And we've modeled what we've
done so we can start affiliates
in other areas.
And we are now nine affiliates
in six different states.
So we want to keep growing.
>>NOORY: Stay cancer free,
and stay pain free, huh?
>> Thank you.
That's my goal.
>>NOORY: Thank you, Lisa.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: Truly remarkable.
You take care of yourself.
How many success stories
like this do you have?
>>SILVERS: Thousands.
>>NOORY: Candace, what
would happen to this planet
if we had a million Candace
Silvers all over the place?
>>SILVERS: That's my commitment.
That is my commitment.
I believe we should have a
healer in every home or hut
or bungalow or street corner.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>SILVERS: I believe
that anyone can heal.
I've trained
hundreds and hundreds
of people, doctors, housewives,
veterinarians, yoga teachers.
All these Reiki masters
come to me to learn this.
And it's beautiful to
watch that in 6 weeks,
they're multidimensional.
And they know they are.
And they can do it.
And their minds melt.
And they get so excited.
And they touch
everyone they know.
And you know that
Coke song, I want
to teach the world to sing.
I want to teach
the world to heal.
It would be a wonderful thing.
Instead of coming together,
we've begun to come to gather.
And we come to find out that
there's more than we thought.
Why is it just because
we haven't learned yet
that it doesn't exist?
>>NOORY: How does it work?
>>SILVERS: The healing?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>SILVERS: Well, people
come to take my academy.
And the first thing
I do in week one
is I tell them they're
not going to learn
anything intellectually.
And they all get disgruntled
and upset, because they think--
and I say, I can either teach
this all to you intellectually.
And you can understand
every bit of it.
And at the end of six weeks,
you will not be able to heal.
>>SILVERS: Or you can
allow me a few moments
of confusion and nonsense while
I take you beyond your senses.
And I'm going to teach
you a particular chant
and some physiological
movements that are going
to bring heat through you.
And once you can do this, then
your mind catches up later.
The intellect will catch
up, but always later.
And our job is to be in
the light of the comet, not
the tail.
We see the tail of a
comet as a T-A-I-L.
But I see the tail of
a comet as a T-A-L-E.
It's a story we agreed to.
And we're stuck in that story.
And that story is
having us follow
what is instead of being
in the light itself,
which is unimaginable
and nonsensical and out
of the ordinary.
Because we've never
been there yet.
And they learn how to do it.
And then they become enamored
with the fact that they can.
And every single time
you heal someone,
your mind melts a
little bit more.
>>NOORY: Do you feel the jolt
when you're touching somebody?
>>SILVERS: I don't
feel the jolt. They do.
>>NOORY: They do?
>>SILVERS: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: You don't just feel it
come back to you or anything?
>>SILVERS: My hands are far
more intellectual and brilliant
than my mind.
My hands feel everything
that's going on in your body.
And my hands, I can
do surgeries on you.
I can balance your chakras.
I can rearrange
things inside of you.
During COVID, I
had to figure out
immediately a new technology.
Because I'd only done healings
either remotely or in person.
>>SILVERS: And everyone else
is running into their houses
to protect themselves.
I'm trying to figure out how
to get into the hospitals
to help the doctors, the
nurses, and the patients.
>>NOORY: Would they accept
you or would they say, eh?
>>SILVERS: No, no, no.
It doesn't work going
through a hospital.
But people called me
from all over the world--
because I have clients all
over the world-- and said,
a family member's in
the hospital with COVID,
and they're dying.
And I would say, get a nurse to
get the phone into the hospital
room.
And the COVID nurse
would take the phone in.
And I would do the healing while
they were in the hospital bed.
And they were coming
off the machines
and coming out of the hospitals
and coming home healthy.
And then I began to have
people call me from all
over the world that had COVID.
And they were at home very
ill, but not in the hospital.
And they had a lot of different
difficulties from the virus.
And we were able to give
them their smell back
and their tastes back.
>>NOORY: That's dramatic.
>>SILVERS: And get
their brain fog gone.
And it's just amazing
to watch someone
who hasn't walked in five years
stand up and walk, or someone--
just anything.
Just help someone.
Figure out what they
need and give it to them.
>>NOORY: Are you the first
call or the last call?
>>SILVERS: For some
people, I'm the first call
because they know me.
For most, I'm the last call.
And you know, I--
>>NOORY: They've
exhausted everything.
>>SILVERS: I think God calls
it growing pains, because--
we don't call it growing
joy, because it's
painful to go
beyond what we know.
But it is a knock on the door.
It is a calling to an
investigation that's
beyond what you
would have agreed
to spend your time on should
everything be going well.
And so people learn that
things exist when they find out
that the culture
that they live in
doesn't have the prototype
they're looking for.
They don't just give up.
They go looking beyond
what they've been taught.
>>NOORY: How satisfying
is this for you
when you see people like
Lisa that you've worked on?
>>SILVERS: I don't have words.
I just have desire to do more.
I don't have words
to say that I meet
someone I've never met before.
And I'm working on them,
and their pain goes away,
and they feel better.
And the hug that we
give each other--
>>NOORY: And you must
feel better about it.
>>SILVERS: Every time.
>>NOORY: I could tell.
I could tell on the video that
it has changed you, hasn't it?
>>SILVERS: I don't know
if it's changed me.
But it's consistently
changing me.
It is not something that you
get used to or you expect.
Some people heal right
away and some people, it
takes several healings.
I was doing healings
yesterday in Austin, Texas.
And there was a woman
who had had Lyme disease
for 21 years and more problems
from it than I could count
and on so many
different medications.
And I did this healing on her.
Her healing was 50
minutes, not 15.
The more ailments
they have, they'll
just come for a longer time.
And at the end, she
got off the table.
And it was unbelievable
watching her experience.
She hadn't felt her
feet in 21 years.
She hadn't felt the ground.
She hadn't felt no pain.
And my watching her
have that experience,
I don't know that there
is a house or a car
or an experience that
you could have or get
or ascertain that's
better than that.
>>NOORY: You have taught,
Candace, about teaching people,
about training people.
Deborah King has studied several
of these modalities of healing.
She was talking with our Lisa
Garr on Gaia's "Inspiration"
show about the push to teach.
>>LISA GARR: So you saw her.
And you started a journey
on hands-on healing.
>>DEBORAH KING: I did.
And that was a lengthy program.
It was four years long.
And I ended up staying
and teaching actually
in that school for another
half a dozen years or so.
I also followed
ministers and priests
and rabbis around for a
while and did my thesis
on what kind of energy,
if any, they were Work
with when they did healings.
In all of these religions,
they do some sort of very quiet
usually over in the side chapel.
They do some kind
of healing work.
>>GARR: So these are things that
you study, that you research,
that you spent time with.
You weren't born with the gift.
And it didn't come from
the knock on the head.
>>KING: I know.
No.
[LAUGHS]
>>GARR: I love that.
I love the practicality.
Because it shows people
that every single person
can do this.
Now--
>>KING: Absolutely.
>>GARR: --it might
not take 15 years.
It might.
It depends on what your
journey is, what your path is.
>>KING: What someone else might
take five minutes, really.
So every single one of us is
actually a natural-born healer.
We have all of this
information deeply
embedded in our cellular memory.
And we've just
misplaced it slightly.
Culturally, we're under a
lot of pressure these days.
And so we forget we
have these talents.
>>NOORY: How long does it take,
Candace, to train somebody,
to teach them?
>>SILVERS: Six weeks.
>>NOORY: That's not bad.
>>SILVERS: I have
seven different levels.
And you can continue
to study with me.
I just did a level 3 in
Palm Springs last month.
That's where I'm teaching them
to use their mind as a steering
wheel.
They're no longer
thought thinkers.
They're now causers.
So there are different levels
of intention that you can learn.
But the first
level in six weeks,
you learn to become
multi-dimensional.
Put your hands on
someone and heal them.
And it's profound.
>>NOORY: Have you had
students that you just
simply say to yourself,
whoa, are they learning?
>>SILVERS: All of them.
I mean, Lisa was one
that came that she's
our poster child for disbelief.
She could not believe that
she was going to do it.
By week 3, they can all
feel heat in their hands.
And she couldn't.
Her mind was in the way.
>>NOORY: She was--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>SILVERS: And she was so
sure that she was going to be
the one that couldn't.
And I get giddy, because I
know that they will learn.
And I know that it will come.
It's just their minds
haven't melted yet.
They're still encapsulated
into a box of understanding,
instead of standing under.
By week 4, she began
to feel the heat.
By week 6, she was
initiated by me.
The minute you're initiated,
I put my energy into you.
You then can feel
the energy in you
and gift it away to another.
She then could do the healing.
And watching her cry, and
watching her mind melt,
and watching her go--
>>NOORY: She's very emotional.
>>SILVERS: --how
is this possible?
We have a global healing
event once a month.
We've been doing it
years and years now.
>>NOORY: Keep it up.
Don't stop.
>>SILVERS: It is unbelievable.
We have people from
countries all over the world.
And they come on.
It doesn't cost anything.
It's on Zoom.
You can come on from anywhere.
And I'll say to someone,
how did you hear about us?
And she'll say,
well, I'm in Brazil,
but my friend in
South Africa told me.
And we have a lot
of people that-- we
had one guy come on from
a hospital in North Korea.
I'm sorry, South Korea.
And he was a--
>>NOORY: It should
be North Korea.
[LAUGHS]
>>SILVERS: One day.
One day.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>SILVERS: One day.
I believe that instead of
fighting insurance and fighting
medical and fighting people
to understand inclusion
causes them to come together.
And I believe that the
more you offer this,
the more people come.
The more it becomes
a normal thing
instead of an abnormal thing.
The less people are afraid
of it, the more involved
they become.
I don't know that while
I'm still on this planet,
the world will heal.
But the world is healing now.
And that's what's important.
>>NOORY: Jesus was a healer.
>>SILVERS: He was.
>>NOORY: Are you using
some of the same techniques
and practices that he had?
>>SILVERS: I didn't meet him.
I can't tell you that.
But I know that what I teach
is Jesus is jeez, it's us.
If we follow the principles, why
wouldn't we have what he had?
Not to say we are him.
I'm not you.
You're not me.
But when we say
it's not out there,
but instead it's in here.
>>NOORY: What has been for you
the most frustrating aspect
of what you do?
>>SILVERS: It's very frustrating
when people don't believe.
People that believe
are very quiet.
People that--
>>NOORY: Are these
the recipients--
>>SILVERS: Don't
believe are very loud.
>>NOORY: --or people on
the outside looking in?
>>SILVERS: I don't care.
They come from everywhere,
especially on social media.
>>NOORY: Oh.
>>SILVERS: They like
to hide and say things.
>>NOORY: Don't even
worry about social media.
[LAUGHTER]
>>SILVERS: But it's OK with me,
because I know that there is
an interim space
when you watch--
>>NOORY: They're all haters.
>>SILVERS: Well, that's OK.
Hurt people, hurt people.
They're letting they're hurting.
You have room for that.
There is a bridge in
between what I know
and what I will know.
And the people that I meet are
on the bridge, they've left--
this is right, wrong.
And they're an investigation.
And when they don't understand,
or they don't believe,
like I said, I get giddy.
Because I know that
I'm just crossing them
across that bridge.
It's no different than
the bridge of your nose.
You're going from your
mind to your heart.
I teach all of my clients, you
want to keep your head down,
your intellect, your heart up.
So that it's your heart
that's guiding, not
your own direct, personal,
historical knowledge.
So that you can
be an experiencer
on this planet instead of a
repeater and an angry person
who says, I don't know that.
I don't understand that.
That's wrong.
Therefore, it's
outside of my scope.
Therefore, it doesn't work.
I truly am only interested
in what I don't know.
It calls me.
I want to see it.
I want to experience it.
I want to try it.
I've just started
working with crystals.
And it's--
>>NOORY: They've got
incredible medicinal powers.
>>SILVERS: But I can
blow a crystal on you.
I can put my hands up
to your camera right now
and heal the audience.
When I put my hands up
to you, you feel it.
You don't have to be close.
And you don't have to
be in the same room.
So I can blow crystals,
whether we're in person here
in the studio together,
or we're on Zoom.
And I have six or eight
different crystals next
to me that particular day.
And I'll blow
different crystals.
And they'll have
different properties.
And I can open different parts
of disease inside of you.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
You've heard the
name Uri Geller.
>>SILVERS: I have.
>>NOORY: Uri Geller
is a mentalist.
And he's a great Israeli.
He was on the
"Johnny Carson Show."
They tried to trick him
and things like that.
But he was on my radio
show several years ago.
And he has these strange
powers about him.
And he told everybody
listening on the radio,
bring your dead
watches and clocks.
Hold it to the radio
and listen to me.
And so he did.
And then he would
go, work, work, work.
All of a sudden, Candace, I'm
getting emails from people
all over the planet going
my watch that hasn't
worked in 10 years is working.
>>SILVERS: That's right.
>>NOORY: My clock is working.
Now, let's jump ahead.
Every once in a while,
we'll rerun a program
on the weekends and a special
segment called the "Best Of."
We ran an Uri Geller show
where he did this experiment.
This is years later.
I open up my emails, and
I've got all these emails
from people saying
my clock's working.
And I'm going,
what was this for?
Well, it dawned on me
we reran that program.
He had the ability to
fix this even on tape.
>>SILVERS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How does this happen?
>>SILVERS: Well, it does happen.
You can watch one
of my live healings.
I'm on Instagram and
Facebook every week
when I do live healings.
And you can watch them now.
And they're still healing you.
And if I'm healing you, and
there's 20 people in the room--
>>NOORY: Miraculous.
>>SILVERS: --everyone in the
room is having the healing.
Everyone in the room feels it.
Everyone goes through it.
Some people, their
mind is in the way.
So they'll say, I don't feel it.
And I don't get it.
And I say, that's OK,
because it's still working.
The sun doesn't need you to
believe in it for the sun
to shine.
>>NOORY: Have you
tried this on children
who really don't understand
what's going on at all?
>>SILVERS: I work on animals.
I work on children.
>>NOORY: So it works?
>>SILVERS: I work on
babies with cancer.
And they go NED, yes.
>>NOORY: That's fantastic.
>>SILVERS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What has been the most
heartening thing you've done?
We saw one of course
just on video.
>>SILVERS: You know, I can't.
Every human being,
every human body
is its own miraculous state.
And when you work with
someone, whether it's
a baby or in-vitro
or an older person
or help someone pass
into the next dimension,
it's miraculous.
When I do--
>>NOORY: It is.
>>SILVERS: --out-of-body
work on people.
There just isn't any point
where it's rote or it's a job
or it's, when is my
day going to be over?
You're dealing
with a human being
who's blocked or clogged
and in pain somehow.
And you're watching them--
I mean, I've worked on a woman
who had had a miscarriage.
And while I was healing her,
she started crying blood.
I worked on people--
I've worked-- I mean,
there's just so many.
It's miraculous,
and it's every time.
And it's miraculous every time.
And there's never a
time where you say,
oh yeah, that
happens all the time.
>>NOORY: The late
astronaut, Edgar Mitchell,
put together the Institute
of Noetic Sciences.
He wanted to study all of this.
And he did a miraculous
job doing it.
Gaia News reported on
a new scientific study
of energetic healing.
>> Energy medicine has always
been relegated to the realm
of pseudoscience by the
mainstream scientific
community.
Recently, however, the Institute
of Noetic Sciences, or IONS,
has sought to change that
by conducting a pilot
study investigating the effects
of energy medicine treatments
on pain reduction.
Dr. Garret Yount is a scientist
at the Institute, which
is focused on applying
scientific methods to studying
consciousness and reality.
He was the lead
author of the study
and had this to say
about what motivated it.
>>GARRET YOUNT: The
motivation for the study
comes from the fact
that a lot of people
experience benefit from
energy medicine modalities.
But we don't really
understand why or how exactly.
>> Given the range of
different healing modalities,
the treatment experience
varied with each practitioner.
For the intent of this
study, researchers
chose not to differentiate
between the modalities,
rather assessing
them all as one.
>>YOUNT: So the range of types
of treatment, mostly no touch.
There were a few of
the practitioners
that did apply the light touch.
Most of them were silent.
Some of the practitioners
did vocalize.
>> Numerous outcome measures
were taken before, during,
and after each session.
The results were promising.
>>YOUNT: So the main
outcome of this study
was that pain
reduction was achieved.
So these folks did experience
relief from their pain.
>>NOORY: It's amazing what
science is beginning to do.
What you've learned and
have done all your life,
science is just
catching up to you.
>>SILVERS: Well, that's where
I decided to start the academy.
It was time that people stopped
seeing me as an anomaly,
or she's the one that can do it.
I wanted to teach--
>>NOORY: Or a miracle worker.
>>SILVERS: Well, we're
all miracle workers.
A mother giving birth to a
child is a miracle worker.
>>NOORY: That's a miracle.
Oh, absolutely.
>>SILVERS: It's a miracle.
>>NOORY: Do you come
across many skeptics?
>>SILVERS: Tons
all the time, yes.
>>NOORY: Do you try
to change your mind?
>>SILVERS: I am not
interested in changing a mind.
I'm interested in
melting a mind.
>>NOORY: Has a skeptic come
to you and you heal them?
>>SILVERS: Of
course, all the time.
>>NOORY: And they walk away?
>>SILVERS: I was working
on a gentleman, Ed.
He's probably 45 years old.
And I worked on him every
single day for five days.
I worked on him--
I was so inspired.
>>NOORY: That's intense.
>>SILVERS: It was one hour,
but I worked for two hours
some of the days.
He came to me with
cerebral palsy.
And he was completely--
>>NOORY: Probably
born with it, right?
>>SILVERS: Born with it.
Or I believe he thought it
happened in the birth canal,
but that's his--
>>NOORY: Well, some
people believe that.
>>SILVERS: That he was
absolutely crippled
and in the state that puts
you in and could not speak.
And his mother and
father came with him.
He was 45, but he--
and the father was an
unbelievable skeptic.
And it's all live
on my Facebook site.
You can go back and watch it.
I think two or three years ago.
>>NOORY: Was he a rude skeptic?
>>SILVERS: Huh?
>>SILVERS: A quiet skeptic.
>>NOORY: He's quiet.
>>SILVERS: And by the
end of the five days,
he saw his son laying out
flat on the table, all
of his muscles were
stretched out normally.
His hips were back in place.
I opened up his brain and
put in an electrical socket
so that it could feed the back
of the brainstem into the spine
into the solar plexus down into
the hips and through the feet.
So that his body could talk
to his mind and his mind
to his body.
And you see all of
that work each day
that you come back
and see me working
on him, and from day one what
he was like and in day 5.
And it's really--
>>NOORY: That's traumatic.
>>SILVERS: --astounding
to get to be part of that.
And the father
gave me a huge hug.
>>NOORY: Ha, you
made him a believer.
>>SILVERS: I don't know.
I don't care about--
look, I believe
to believe you be and live.
Be, live-- you be and live.
What you believe,
you be and live.
And I'm not interested
in changing your mind.
I think that's why we have war.
I'm interested in offering
an opportunity that
allows an investigation
that allows someone
to step across the bridge of
their nose from their two eyes
into their third eye
where intuition prevails.
And that's where
true healing resides.
>>NOORY: How do people
find you, Candace?
>>SILVERS: candacesilvers.com.
>>NOORY: Simple enough.
>>SILVERS: Candace
Silvers on Instagram.
Candace Silvers on Facebook.
Through Gaia, you
know, my shows on Gaia
have brought us so many
beautiful clients all
over the world.
It's been really a
wonderful journey
to meet a group of
people like you, where
we have such a connective
experience of what's possible
and want to feed the world.
>>NOORY: Do you supplement
a lot and things like that?
I'm wondering what you
do to create this energy
field around you.
>>SILVERS: I think if
you send kindness out,
kindness comes back.
I think--
>>NOORY: Karma.
>>SILVERS: --when
anger meets kindness,
anger dissolves, or it goes away
and it looks for its own kind.
>>NOORY: I think you're right.
I think you're right.
And not a lot of people use
that technique on this planet.
We should.
>>SILVERS: Well, I believe
if you take the figure 8
and lay it down on its
side, and you make it
like those liquid Drano
commercials from the '80s,
where they're see through.
And people come to me
in my private practice
as a human behavioral expert.
And they'll say, my
husband hates me,
or my daughter left me, or
my best friend thinks I lied.
And I teach them how
to send out love.
And they'll come back, and for
their next session and say,
well, it didn't work.
They were still angry.
I say, well the
clog is still there.
Just keep sending out love.
And as the clog moves through,
love will eventually come back.
And they say, well,
it's too painful.
I'm nice, and they're mean.
I said, well, it's their
lips that are moving.
They're the ones that are
letting you know they're hurt.
They may be using your name,
but they're the ones speaking.
Therefore, anything they say is
giving you their consciousness.
You just keep sending out yours.
And eventually,
they will feel it.
The clog in between the
two of you will disperse,
and love will come back.
And I have had the
great incredible gift
of sitting in that chair for 30
some odd years helping people
where it always works.
>>NOORY: Well, keep doing it.
>>SILVERS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Candace, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>SILVERS: Absolutely
a pleasure.
>>NOORY: The power
of energy healing,
she's got it because I can
feel it glowing from her.
And you can too.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]